Introduce pod-to-pod communication outline for edge docs (#1655)
linkerd/website: linkerd.io/content/2-edge/features/flat-network-multicluster.md

+++
title = "Multi-cluster communication in flat networks"

> description = "Multi-cluster communication using pod-to-pod communication inshared network environments."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description = "Multi-cluster communication using pod-to-pod communication in shared network environments."
```

+++

> title = "Multi-cluster communication in flat networks"

Reviewer 2: Just looking at this from the outside, it feels like this separate feature doc shouldn't exist, and any additional content should be rolled into the existing multicluster feature doc.
